{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Read/Watch List for 2010\
\
Film:\
\
1. 
\i Run, Fat Boy, Run
\i0  (2007, United States, directed by David Schwimmer) 6/10\
2. 
\i Marc Jacobs and Louis Vuitton
\i0  (2007, France, directed by Lo\'efc Prigent) 8/10\
3. 
\i La Jetee
\i0  (1963, France, directed by Chris Marker) 7/10\
4. 
\i Wings of Desire
\i0  (1987, Germany, directed by Wim Wenders) 8/10\
5. 
\i Seamless 
\i0 (2005, United States, directed by Douglas Keeve) 8/10\
6. 
\i The Seventh Continent 
\i0 (1987, Germany, directed by Michael Haneke) 8/10\
7. 
\i Encounters at the End of the World
\i0  (2007, Germany, directed by Werner Herzog) 5/10\
8. 
\i Happy-Go-Lucky
\i0  (2008, United Kingdom, directed by Mike Leigh) 8/10\
9. 
\i Valentino: The Last Emperor
\i0  (2008, United States, directed by Matt Tymauer) 8/10\
10. 
\i Princess Mononoke 
\i0 (1997, Japan, directed by Hayao Miyazaki) 6/10\
11. 
\i A Single Man
\i0  (2009, United States, directed by Tom Ford) 10/10\
12. 
\i The Informant!
\i0  (2009, United States, directed by Stephen Soderberg) 9/10\
13. 
\i The Living End
\i0  (1992, United States, directed by Gregg Araki) 6/10\
14. 
\i The Muppets Take Manhattan
\i0  (1984, United States, directed by Frank Oz) 6/10\
15. 
\i The Rocky Horror Picture Show
\i0  (1985, United Kingdom, directed by Jim Sharman)\
16. 
\i The Iceman Cometh 
\i0 (1973, United States, directed by John Frankenheimer) 7/10\
17. 
\i Serial Mom
\i0  (1994, United States, directed by John Waters) 8/10\
18. 
\i Superstar: The Karen Carpenter Story
\i0  (1987, United States, directed by Todd Haynes) 10/10*\
19. 
\i Devo: The Men Who Make the Music
\i0  (1981, United States, directed by Marks Mothersbaugh and Chuck Statler) 7/10\
20. 
\i The Velvet Underground and Nico
\i0  (1966, United States, directed by Andy Warhol) 8/10\
21. 
\i Examined Life
\i0  (2009, Canada, directed by Astra Taylor) 10/10\
22. 
\i Glass: A Portrait of Philip in 12 Parts
\i0  (2007, United States, directed by Scott Hicks) 8/10\
23. 
\i Battleship Potemkin
\i0  (1925, Russia, directed by Sergei Eisenstein) 8/10\
24. 
\i Broadway Danny Rose
\i0  (1984, United States, directed by Woody Allen) 7/10\
25. 
\i Rushmore
\i0  (1999, United States, directed by Wes Anderson) 7/10\
26. 
\i The 39 Steps
\i0  (1935, United Kingdom, directed by Alfred Hitchcock) 6/10\
27. 
\i The Lady Vanishes
\i0  (1938, United Kingdom, directed by Alfred Hitchcock) 6/10\
28. 
\i Cry-Baby 
\i0 (1987, United States, directed by John Waters) 8/10\
29. 
\i Touchez Pas au Grisbi
\i0  (1954, France, directed by Jacques Becker) 8/10\
30. 
\i The Great Dictator
\i0  (1939, United States, directed by Charlie Chaplin) 8/10\
31. 
\i Charlie Chaplin Festival 
\i0 (1938, United States, directed by Charlie Chaplin) 7/10\
32. 
\i M 
\i0 (1931, Germany, directed by Fritz Lang) 8/10*\
33. 
\i Trembling Before G-d
\i0  (2001, United States, directed by Sandi Simcha DuBowski) 6/10\
34. 
\i Night On Earth
\i0  (1991, United States, directed by Jim Jarmusch) 8/10\
35. 
\i Grey Gardens
\i0  (1975, United States, directed by David and Albert Maysles) 10/10*\
36. 
\i Metropolis
\i0  (1927, Germany, directed by Fritz Lang) 8/10\
37. 
\i Manhattan
\i0  (1977, United States, directed by Woody Allen) 10/10*\
38. 
\i A Prairie Home Companion 
\i0 (2006, United States, directed by Robert Altman) 10/10*\
39. 
\i Painters Painting 
\i0 (United States, directed by Emile de Antonio)\
40. Man With a Movie Camera (Russia, directed by Dziga Vertov)\
\
Books:\
\
1. 
\i The Coming Insurrection
\i0  by the Invisible Committee\
2. 
\i The Subversive Copy Editor
\i0  by Carol Fisher Saller\
3. 
\i Don't Get Too Comfortable
\i0  by David Rakoff\
4. 
\i Making of a Chef: Mastering Heat at the Culinary Institute of America
\i0  by Michael Ruhlman\
5. 
\i The Soul of a Chef
\i0  by Michael Ruhlman\
6. 
\i The Elements of Cooking
\i0  by Michael Ruhlman\
7. 
\i Lying
\i0  by Lauren Slater\
\
last updated 3/24/2010, 3:18 AM\
\
"I had it in my mind, this Pachabel, I don't know why, I like, I get very, it comes from, l don't know, just like, all of the sudden, like, think of something kind of cliche, in a way, and I just think, ok, but I don't want to do it exactly the way I know it...it's that simple, really, it's so completely not a real cerebral concept."\
\
"Imagine an eye unruled by man-made laws of perspective, an eye unprejudiced by compositional logic, an eye which does not respond to the name of everything but which must know each object encountered in life through an adventure of perception." - Allan Krapkow\
}